it has been said that magic valleys from
her world a long time ago but if there's
one thing you can be sure of I wish you
could really talk to me it's that
nothing is more powerful than a young
boys you're my best friend John but
eventually everyone grows up I'll take a
lawyer to dinner you don't think she's
gonna be expected something big do you
it's been four years Johnny you weren't
even together for 27 years where's my
ring huh where's my ring what are all my
speakers sorry hi knock it off just say
that's my bad i was sending a tweet John
hi Thomas how are you
please ask Ted to move out so we can
move on with our lives I'm not that
psyched to just like kick him out
re hey you're home early who are these
girls oh my god where are my man is Lori
this is angelique heavenly Shireen and
Sauvignon Blanc I swear to God her name
is hope and young block to show your
Chevron chi Ted you gotta move out I'll
help you get on your feet out the I
promise bring it in your basket come on
sorry that's still the fanta thing oh
yeah yeah I met a girl nice she's a
cashier I like to do to her something
call it dirty fuzzy
down here not looking up your towel
sweater guy not looking at you funny
business sometimes I think back to that
Christmas morning when I was eight years
old I wish I just gotten a Teddy Ruxpin
oh why are you crying all right Chuck
gets squeezed my daddy
I want stupid night all you look dapper
John I look like something you give to
your kid when you tell him grandma died